# Software Engineering

**Course Title:** Software Engineering <br>
**Course Number:** EECE3093C and CS3093C <br>
**Credit Hours:** 4 <br>

Introduction to software engineering and formal methods. General course topics include software lifecycle models, requirements analysis, specification, design, testing and maintenance. The course introduces students to formal methods, global software engineering, and ethics for software engineering.
<br />

## Learning Outcomes

* Comprehend the software development and support process, project planning and organization, and for both traditional and distributed projects.
* Understand how to develop specifications, design, and test code for a set of software requirements and how to measure the quality of software developed and of the development process itself.
* Use team-building skills to work with their team to plan, design, implement, test, and develop a major software project.
* Comprehend formal software engineering methods.
* Apply principles of the ACM/IEEE Software Engineering Code of Ethics to class work.
<br />

## Enrollment Prerequisites

To be enrolled in this course, you must meet the following requirements:

1. Be enrolled in one of the following plans:
   - Cybersecurity Engineering (CYE-BSCYBR)
   - Computer Engineering (CMPE-BSCOM)
   - Electrical Engineering (EE-BSEE)
   - Computer Science (CS-BSCS)
   - Software Engineering (SWRE-C1) [CEAS Certificate]
   - CEAS Minor, Computer Science (CS-MIN) [CEAS Minor]
2. Have completed the following courses with a grade of C- or better:
   - CS2028C (Data Structures)
   - CS2071 (Discrete Computational Sructures) <br>
   -- OR --
   - EECE2080C (Engineering Data Structures)
